h1. Web page thumbnail modules for Closure

"Here":https://github.com/OrgaChem/Thumbnail-for-Closure/blob/master/README_Ja.textile is a README for Japanese.
日本語のREADMEは "こちら":https://github.com/OrgaChem/Thumbnail-for-Closure/blob/master/README_Ja.textile


h2. Abstract

These modules provides easy creation web page thumbnails.
Now, you can creating a thumbnail by some WebAPIs, such as: "SimpleAPI":http://img.simpleapi.net/ , "Heartrails"http://capture.heartrails.com/ , "Mozshot":http://mozshot.nemui.org/ , "ThumbShot":http://www.thumbshots.com/ .
using WebAPI is very light, but it might be unavailable if the service is stopped.
iframe thumbnail avoid relying on WebAPI services, but it is slowly.
However, iframe thumbnail does not work, if "X-Frame-Options":https://developer.mozilla.org/ja/The_X-Frame-Options_response_header is enable.


h2. Sample
<pre>
var TEST = 'https://developers.google.com/closure/';
var TARGET = goog.dom.getElement('output'); // You put div#output tag before this code.

var iThumb = new orga.thumb.IFrameThumbnailGetter();
TARGET.appendChild(iThumb.getElement(TEST));

var sThumb = new orga.thumb.webapi.SimpleApiThumbnailGetter();
TARGET.appendChild(sThumb.getElement(TEST));

var tsThumb = new orga.thumb.webapi.ThumbShotThumbnailGetter();
TARGET.appendChild(tsThumb.getElement(TEST));

var hrThumb = new orga.thumb.webapi.HeartrailsThumbnailGetter();
TARGET.appendChild(hrThumb.getElement(TEST));

var mThumb = new orga.thumb.webapi.MozshotThumbnailGetter();
TARGET.appendChild(mThumb.getElement(TEST));
</pre>


h2. API Reference

Show the "Wiki":https://github.com/OrgaChem/Thumbnail-for-Closure/wiki/API-Reference .
